a currency war is on right now primarily
between China and the US the US dollar
is currently excelling at this time
versus its counterparts but let us not
forget the opposition China dozens of
countries have signed currency swaps
with China in order to do a portion of
their trade in their own currencies
without using the reserve currency the
US dollar first you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you I
want to get into China today I want to
also touch on India Bitcoin as well I
have so much to discuss let's get into
it right away beginning with India
Indian Banks warn that they will
struggle to cope with a sudden rush for
cash if the government lifts the limits
on customer withdrawals on
Friday think about
that they removed overnight
86% of India currency from
circulation and you're talking
about the equivalent of
$37 now $37 may buy you
more but it doesn't matter you're being
limited to the amount of money that you
can withdraw this is capital controls
this is what they have done in countless
countries look at Greece just a few
years ago where they were unable to pull
their money out they had to take just a
little bit at a time and what if you
really needed that money what if the in
that case the Euro was being devalued
significantly what were you going to do
well there's nothing you can do if you
have your money in the bank you're
screwed that's why I always advise
individuals to own real Assets in India
seems like they saw this coming and
started to implement gold
confiscation and that is something that
really frightens me very much I'm going
to keep my eyes on any new information
regarding that if uh you're from there
or know any particular information
please let myself and everyone know in
the comments here keep an eye on this
definitely China bills could be facing a
grim New Year's Eve what are we talking
about here well the first day of 2017 is
when the annual $50,000 quota to convert
the Yan into to Foreign Exchange resets
stoken concern there would be a rush to
sell the local
currency so this is something that has
been going on now for a little while
where the people in China are able to
essentially pull their money out of
China that
would be very beneficial of
course
but what does this tell you I mean you
could read the article for yourself if
you're interested
what this th this always makes me think
of
is what will they do with the
money
50,000 perhaps not that much
but it's going to be added to all of
their other assets and you're going to
have money flowing into different
countries it's going to get added to the
real estate market continue to fuel that
there's going to be purchases of any
type of Big Ticket item it's going to
flow out of China and into everywhere
else and I assure you all the places
which have been feeling that rise or
assets that have been feeling that rise
because of China it will in fact happen
yet again and this will be pronounced
very pronounced right at the beginning
of the year and then less pronounced
towards the end of the year at least
according to this as they tighten
liquidity uh towards the end of the year
all right so keep your eyes on this as
well obviously important okay Bitcoin
fans I've had countless people countless
people ask me about Bitcoin I'll do a
whole video on it and I have done videos
on it before but this is in particular
Bitcoin China Bitcoin has been on a rise
recently and it is predicted that it
will cross the 1,000
um Mark and that is something very huge
it has done that before but in a very
very sharp increase and that was
followed by a very sharp decrease but
now Bitcoin has seemed to mature and as
a result you can see the rise has been
much slower in US dollar terms this
happens to be in Chinese so it's
interesting to see how you relate one
currency to another or could relate that
into um Bitcoin for example or into gold
or silver or oil or wheat or anything
else starts to really change your
outlook on the value of a particular
item
Toshiba it really took a beating here as
you can see and the only reason I'm
mentioning this is because number one
this caused a ripple effect and started
affecting other stocks started hurting
them number two is that if in particular
Japan is allowing a big name to fall
hard it is probably not being supported
by the government which is really
strange to me they wouldn't normally let
it fall to this degree in such a short
period of
time so obviously the plunge Protection
Team equivalent is going to have to to
step in and send this upward some QE
will definitely be making its way
towards the toiba stock bouncing back
the number of investors flipping houses
and the average profit on house flips
are at their highest levels in
years house flipping obviously very huge
a few years ago well I should say about
10 years plus
now and this is when you know that
you've gone to the end
you've truly exhausted all possibilities
and have gone into house
flipping this is where a lot of people
make money no doubt it's actually
something that happens in Canada as well
and I'll talk about that more in a
second but it shows you that people are
using housing to make a quick buck and
that's very dangerous sure you can hold
on to the house you can have renters in
it you can um you know have your own
house and and rent out half of it for
example the basement or the upper level
or what have you and this here is you
know potentially a good investment but
when you do house
flipping it's less of an investment and
more of a Gamble and that's fine people
make money on that but that's not really
what I talk about here in Canada I just
wanted to just Note One Thing Canada
works Works a little bit different than
the US in their real estate laws some of
you know this some of you don't
basically if you live in the in Canada
if you live in the house for one year
you do not have to pay Capital Gains if
you sell it so a lot of people what they
actually do is they move every year and
use this as a way to profit off of seems
a little bit
um Troublesome to move so regularly and
also the risk that you know you may see
housing prices decline or become
stagnant you also have to factor in
closing costs which are excessively
expensive in Toronto for example you
have to pay two separate large what they
call land transfer taxes just to be able
to sell your
home and it is extremely expensive you
want to buy a home these days simply
because of these
taxes in the US there's an advantage and
that is the 10 31 exchange the IRS has
something called a 1031 exchange which
allows individuals to roll over their
profits on uh investment property
indefinitely so you can actually
purchase a home make your profit on it
sell that property but as long as you
roll over those profits into a new
property so let's say you I don't know
you had a bungalow and then you bought a
let's say two houses or something and
then you wouldn't have to pay any
capital gains because you then purchased
another home and why does the government
do this simply because they want
individuals to get homes for people
you're doing a service to the community
by doing this and you get the profit off
video of all the tax incentives and
everything else those are just a little
tidbit there little segue hope you enjoy
that net unrealized gains unavailable
for sales Securities basically what this
means is that interest rates have
increased marginally and as a result
Bank profits already suffering
can you believe
it such a marginal increase globally and
in fact some of them have decreased but
what we're looking at here is
just the hardships that banks will face
should they have increased uh interest
rates now you would think that the bank
could also make profit off of the
increase in interest rates but today is
a lot different than 1980 for example
where you have Banks making profit off
of derivatives and off of all this
absolute garbage collateralized debt
obligations you have the credit default
swaps and everything else it's a whole
bunch of crap and essentially this is uh
the new systems today you could see it
as right here in front of you doesn't
take a genius to figure this out the
economy simply can't handle it last but
not least you know this is part of the
tyrannical totalitarian system this
individual here won't read you the
article but one point he
was
arrested okay facing
charges why well he was driving
home and apparently he wasn't you know
he was all over the road apparently he
was driving erratically so the police
officer gives him the test finds
negative to all the drugs but they found
positive to caffeine and
apparently that was enough to get him
arrested taking him to court and they
wouldn't drop the case now maybe that it
has media attention perhaps that don't
change but this here is just a tyranny
you've seen it before what about the
forced blood draws that we've seen what
about all of the criminality that has
been going
on when they take advantage AG of
individuals and most of the time people
just give in but we need to make it
known that this is unacceptable that's
why I'm talking about it right now if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up if you want to get
arrested for caffeine abuse give this
video a thumbs
down if you found the video informative
I know you'll find my book The Money GPS
even more informative so check it out at
Amazon where they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take
care okay
everyone it's way past my
bedtime I'm really under the weather but
I had to get a video
out really do appreciate all the
positive
comments and um all of the basically all
the positivity that I'm getting from the
channel so thank you all